[Music]
how to read the night sky
we can see so many stars in the night
sky and we can't even count them all in
ancient times people created imaginary
patterns of star groups that we now call
constellations how to recognize the most
common constellations how to find a
chained woman in the sky who where in
this video we offer you an amateur
astronomy guide that you can use to
impress your friends with your vast
knowledge let's start with Ursa Major
also known as the Great Bear you can
recognize Ursa Major by the famous Big
Dipper which is alternatively called the
plough however you should know that it
can only be found in the northern sky
what's interesting about this
constellation is that many different
civilizations saw it as a big female
bear like this video if you have trouble
seeing a bear shape in a bunch of stars
its position in the sky is highest in
spring and lowest and fall the story
goes that in fall the bear looks for a
place for its winter hibernation Ursa
Minor also known as the little bear to
see this constellation you need to find
another Dipper the little one this time
the main star in the constellation is
Polaris also known as the North Star
it marks the direction of True North for
those in the northern hemisphere and the
very beginning of the Little Dipper
sailors use Polaris for navigation in
the sea before GPS of course
Araya
oo Riga is the Latin name for charioteer
in Greek mythology it is often
associated with the Greek hero Erik
phoniest who invented a horse chariot or
Agha is best seen in winter evenings
[Music]
Cassiopeia
Cassiopeia is the name of the Queen in
Greek mythology she was famous for
showing off with her unique beauty again
those living in the northern part of the
planet are lucky to see Cassiopeia all
year round especially clearly from
September to November it is formed by
five stars
and it's easy to recognize because it
looks a lot like a W Andromeda the
chained woman and here comes another
beauty and dromeda was a princess who
told the sea nymph that they were less
beautiful than her Wow
the nymphs couldn't take a blow of that
low and complain to push Sidon the sea
God didn't like that and threatened and
dramatis father to flood his kingdom and
the only way to save it was to sacrifice
the daughter Andromeda was chained to a
rock but lucky for her Perseus came to
her rescue
hi those crazy Greek gods what are you
gonna do with him huh formed by sixteen
main stars the constellation does look
like a person a little however it's
quite hard to tell if the person is
really that beautiful as the myth says
Perseus yep this is the same Perseus who
saved Andromeda he and the alleged
Beauty married and had six children it
is best viewed from August to March in
the northern hemisphere and in the
southern part you can see it in the
middle of the spring Leo you must know
this constellation as Leo on the zodiac
signs Leo is Latin for lion the same
line that was killed by Hercules whew
don't tell PETA just like Ursa Major Leo
was seen as a lion by various
civilizations the Persians the Indians
the Turks and others in the northern
hemisphere it is best seen in May butis
or a butis or you know whatever this
strange-looking word comes from Greek
and means herdsmen according to one of
the myths
butis is Icarus who got a secret recipe
for why Icarus loved the drink a lot and
later invited his friends to enjoy it
too in the morning the friends woke up
with a terrible hangover and thought
that Icarus had tried to poison them
they decided to kill him
so Icarus was placed in the sky Wow
taking it a little personally are we and
butit's is one of the biggest
constellations in the sky Corona
borealis again Corona borealis is the
Latin for northern crown in mythology
it symbolizes the crown that Dionysus
presented to Adriana the princess of
Crete well we have to admit it does look
like a crown a little if you kind of
squint are there any other space related
topics you'd like to learn more about
tell us in the comment section below be
sure to share this video with your
friends to look up the constellations
together and don't forget to give us a
thumbs up see you right back here for
more of the bright side of life
[Music]